shut up
duel me Yuki sorry gotta save my friends
first
ah how dare you run Big Brother we
already have a lock on his door this why
not just wait till after his next older
Carrington
good idea mokuba let's go stalk him what
a mint I just think we need more screen
time yeah like that'll happen we are
barely in this arc it's like all we do
is provide cheap laughs that don't
advance the plot and the second it seems
like we're about to get some real
character development we get cut so
you're a lawyer trying to prove people
innocent with a ghost girl this story is
terrible
they just tack on a bunch of useless
characters that no one will miss when
they get dropped after each chapter Yuki
if you won't do me until you find your
friends then I'll find your friends for
you kaiba mokuba go look for Yugi's
friends the laptop gets better signal at
higher altitudes aren't you afraid he'll
get lost by himself
I got him shipped a while back good job
bukoba be careful on your way back I'm
on top of a huge building with no one
around for miles
yep no one for miles
I'm here to kidnap you for our generic
evil plot small child not a small child
I'm like 12 years old
um large child my name is mokuba you
don't even know who you're kidnapping
and shouldn't you be tying me up by now
you gotta be the worst kidnapper I've
ever met
shut up mokuba Oh No someone's kidnapped
ammo Koopa he looks like he's trying to
say something but I can't hear over all
this noise it's probably nothing